Explain issue related to L7 load balancers with apm-server (#614)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apps/upstream-opentelemetry-collectors-language-sdks.md

When using a layer 7 (L7) proxy like AWS ALB, requests must be proxied in a way that ensures requests to Elastic follow the rules outlined above. For example, with ALB you can create rules to select an alternative backend protocol based on the headers of requests coming into ALB. In this example, you’d select the gRPC protocol when the  `"Content-Type: application/grpc"` header exists on a request.

> Many L7 load balancers handle HTTP and gRPC traffic separately and rely on explicitly defined routes and service configurations to correctly proxy requests. Since APM Server serves both protocols on the same port, it may not be compatible with some L7 load balancers. For example, to workaround this issue in [Ingress NGINX Controller for Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx), either

Reviewer: Use `workaround` as a noun and `work around` as a verb. 

```suggestion
Many L7 load balancers handle HTTP and gRPC traffic separately and rely on explicitly defined routes and service configurations to correctly proxy requests. Since APM Server serves both protocols on the same port, it may not be compatible with some L7 load balancers. For example, to work around this issue in [Ingress NGINX Controller for Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx), either:
```

Author: Well my English improved today. Thanks!

Reviewer: 💡 Tip: Another common pair of terms like this is `setup` vs `set up` (same pattern &mdash; the former as a noun, the latter as a verb). 🙂

> 1. Use the `otlp` exporter in the OTel collector. Set annotation `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/backend-protocol: "GRPC"` on the K8s Ingress object proxying to APM Server.
> 2. Use the `otlphttp` exporter in the OTel collector. Set annotation `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/backend-protocol: "HTTP"` (or `"HTTPS"` if APM Server expects TLS) on the K8s Ingress object proxying to APM Server.

Reviewer: We generally reserve ordered lists for sequential steps.

```suggestion
* Use the `otlp` exporter in the OTel collector. Set annotation `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/backend-protocol: "GRPC"` on the K8s Ingress object proxying to APM Server.
* Use the `otlphttp` exporter in the OTel collector. Set annotation `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/backend-protocol: "HTTP"` (or `"HTTPS"` if APM Server expects TLS) on the K8s Ingress object proxying to APM Server.
```
